The New York Stock Exchange Building is the headquarters of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Urlapovo is a rural locality and the administrative center of Urlapovsky Selsoviet of Shipunovsky District, Altai Krai, Russia.
Bisacodyl (INN) is an organic compound that is used as a stimulant laxative drug.
Black Mountain is a Canadian psychedelic rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia.
Animal digest is a common ingredient used in pet foods.
Ryūkōsai Jokei was a painter, illustrator, and designer of Japanese woodblock prints in Osaka, who was active from about 1777 to 1809.
Saint-Sulpice-des-Landes is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Richard is a British jazz pianist.
Lady Cop & Papa Crook is a 2008 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong, and starring Sammi Cheng and Eason Chan.
Luis Omedes Sistachs (24 August 1897 – 8 January 1970) was a Spanish rower.
The Pumas Morelos was a football club that played in the Segunda División in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico.
Possehl was a 2,369 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1921 by Howaldtswerke, Kiel, Germany for a German shipping line.
It tells the story of a man and a woman who fall in love when young, and remain in love, but stay separated and marry others.
Her keel was laid down on 6 July 1940 by Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 280.
This circle is called the circumcircle or circumscribed circle, and the vertices are said to be concyclic.
The New York Times described her music as "a new American regionalism, spun from many threads – country rock, minimalism, Civil War songs, Baptist hymns, Appalachian folk tunes, even the polytonal music of Charles Ives.
Tramp Press published its inaugural title in April 2014. Flight, the debut novel of Oona Frawley, went on to be shortlisted for Best Newcomer Award at the Bord Gáis Energy Irish Book Awards.
In 1887 the Bristol Tramways Company merged with the Bristol Cab Company to form the Bristol Tramways & Carriage Company, later the Bristol Omnibus Company.
During Sarkozy's childhood, his father founded his own advertising agency and became wealthy.
He officially adopted a symbolic role in governance but remained head of both the military and the Revolutionary Committees responsible for policing and suppressing dissent.
A highly divisive figure, Gaddafi dominated Libya's politics for four decades and was the subject of a pervasive cult of personality.
Gaddafi organized demonstrations and distributed posters criticizing the monarchy.
Colvin designed many gardens, e.g. with the socialite Norah Lindsay at the Manor House in Sutton Courtenay, and at Burwarton.
The grammar school at Hampton Lucy was founded and endowed by the Rev. Richard Hill, curate of Hampton Lucy, in the 11th year of the reign of Charles I of England.
Yström's first foray into government work was his military service during World War I.
The docks and sorrels, genus Rumex, are a genus of about 200 species of annual, biennial, and perennial herbs in the buckwheat family, Polygonaceae.
Sir Ali bin Salim al-Busaidi was a prominent Arab figure in the Kenyan colonial history.
This vigorous, coarsely textured evergreen shrub has an upright habit and 8-inch (20 cm) long, lustrous, deeply veined oval leaves with dark blue-green surfaces and pale green undersides.
Sollers Point is a 2017 American-French drama film written and directed by Matthew Porterfield.
Melissa Hanna-Brown is a British pharmacologist.
Joseph Peter (born 23 September 1949) is a Swiss long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Born in Chester, Cheshire, England, on 3 October 1888, the son of Reverend Henry Plumptre Ramsden and Ethel Frances Alice Havelock, William Ramsden was educated at Bath College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, where he was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the West India Regiment on 5 October 1910.
The northern terminus of the Mount Hood Railroad is at Hood River, Oregon, where the line interchanges with the Union Pacific Railroad.
The 13th Joseph Plateau Awards honored the best Belgian filmmaking of 1998 and 1999.
This is the 14th season of the fourth tier domestic division in the Polish football league system since its establishment in 2008 under its current title and the 6th season under its current league division format.
He was born in Leuven, where there is now a street named in his honor, he moved to France in 1810, where he studied violin with Jean-François Tiby, a pupil of Giovanni Battista Viotti.
Baron Stow was born June 16, 1801, in Croydon, New Hampshire and graduated in 1825 from Columbian College, now George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
The small knot, or oriental knot or Kent knot or simple knot, is the simplest method of tying a necktie, though some claim the simple knot is an alternative name for the four-in-hand knot.
Togo competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.
Northwest Passage is a book based upon the famous Canadian song Northwest Passage.